Ken x Rem rin - Today at 6:38 PMi q'd with seb through s1 so that he didnt get a boosted team. firip was also in the top lane so of course he would think that it's not teamand he doesnt appreciate thatso to say carry harder is insultingsince he didnt carry his gamesfirip and I didhe should truly be in silver

Ken: Seb is to oppresive to be server owner

Ken: Phillip loses me games

Ken: Riot set me up with these teams

Ken:My bot lane is always so bad.

Ken:you know
    i swear riot is fucking me
    last game i got 20 lp
    the last one i won
    but this game i got 15 llp
    and im playing with silverz

Ken:i swear playing ranked with vong tilts me

Ken:Riot employees should be at least diamond
    fucking hell
    it's becasue they are silver that they dont know how to balance the game

Ken: i actually hate riot employees
there is some guy stalking me
and actually puting me with shit people

[19:53] My Angel Rem rin: you know 
i dont think seb should be the server owner
too oppressive

Ken:i'm getting tired  of junglers who dont contribute
      if only they had the mentality
[16:46] My Angel Rem rin: im not tilted tho
[16:46] FishNinja117: u were tilted
[16:46] My Angel Rem rin: because phirip and the rest have confirmed that it wasnt me

Ken:because it's always team
i have the mechanics of a gold player
but i always get bad teams

Ken:For once im not dropping because its my fault. Its actually always someone on my team

Ken:Too many retards at the end of the season

Ken:... two games ina row the bot lane. Then darius decides to afk. sigh. Rito just loves to troll

Ken:i bet you this game the jhin is gonna lose

Ken:I got top ahead then the bot lane dcided to feed draven
    And riven decided to int because she thought the game was over
    
Ken:Do you see teh people league has been queuing me with. How can we do anything with the adc so bad

ken:When you have 502 armour and vayne 3 hit you

Ken:Rito put me with shit people.

Ken:I'm getting tired of junglers who don't contribute

Ken:if only they had the mentality

Ken:All my junglers are always useless

Ken:Why the fuck are the bot lane so boosted
    I just want to ban the bot lane from playing
    They shouldn't be a role
    Unless i get a game where they feed
    and one game where they do nt
    how is it fair that in 80% of the games they feed and 20% they dont
    even if they dont feed they just jump right into the other team
    thinking they can kill them 1 v 5

ken:My team is shit all the time
    They don't listen
    
Ken: so when the enemy team have a jungler with no smite they remake...
riot logic
if a jungler has no smite that should be an instant remake
